hi everybody its Andy and Juliet here
and we're making a video today to talk
about a crowdfunding campaign that we're
getting involved in for pricy Oh calm
and for the Alive music project in
conjunction with it gets better tour
these are two organizations that sort of
work in conjunction with one another and
they go into the heart of America into
places that there may have been funding
cut for musical programs and schools
where there isn't music being taught
they also go across the country teaching
about bullying and acceptance both with
people who may be your aesthetically
different but also people who are in the
LGBTQ community and are facing hardships
just from being the people that they are
with all that said how would you and a
friend like to join me and Andy on the
Vans Warped Tour
August 7th and 8th you'd get to come
backstage with us have lunch with us
you'd have full VIP Rockstar status for
two days on the Vans Warped Tour August
seventh and eighth Portland through
Seattle and you'd be flown in from
anywhere in the world and fully taken
care of the reason that will be so easy
for us is because I have built a small
commuter plane boxes from action figures
that I've collected over the years and
what I've used is I've soldered the feet
of many Batman together and that sort of
makes the fuselage and then the wings
are made out of just toothbrushes and
the bottoms of the Swiffer WetJet just
those little flaps that are on the
bottom because I have that opportunity
we can fly you from virtually anywhere
free of charge because I built this
machine now when when I tested it out
there has been moderate problems or what
you might describe as an okay journey
all joking aside that you will be on a
plane and you will be able to ride with
us from Portland to Seattle which is the
most beautiful journey because I don't
know if you know this but on the ride
between Portland and Seattle there are
just wild pancake trees on either side
of the freeway and so it's really it's a
you can you can you can reach out and
just sizzling burn because it's just
it's raw pancakes oh they just burn your
face all we can say is it's going to be
a fly
and again we will fly anybody in from
anywhere in the world
to Portland and we'll meet up with you
from there and all you got to do to
enter for your chance to win is to show
your support of the Gay Men's Chorus of
Los Angeles their mission is sort of to
enrich the whole artist community and to
support the LGBT youth to challenge
homophobia and expose new communities to
their message and equality through their
music and I know that you know all
joking aside that's something that you
guys are passionate about I know it's
something that both of us are passionate
about something that we both talked
about in our music and on stage and
while I am silly and wanting you guys to
have fun with this this is for a very
serious and real cause the difficulty
that people face in their life just for
being different to the the conventional
idea of normal is very difficult and we
both know that so really seriously if
you can give anything please do we're in
a situation where we just want to help
people right now and and this is a 100%
for charity and we just want to be able
to have an opportunity to give back all
the things that you guys have given us
so $5.00 will get you one entry and that
entry could be the possible winning
entry that gets you this grand prize at
the end with me and Andy on the Vans
Warped Tour if you want to do it anymore
you can which is always appreciated
you can also get some more rewards like
exclusive campaign t-shirts signed
posters some never take it off merch
personalized videos from me and Andy
some Twitter shoutouts and a few other
great rewards also you can earn yourself
some more rewards by sharing the
campaign so yeah I don't know as you can
see I'm really good at making videos
that are serious and on topic so your
your personalized video won't be weird
at all
never has been I don't know if you'd see
but I have two Hannibal Lecter masks
back there go to pry zo comm slash slash
it Andy and Juliette and you can get you
can see all the stuff all the school
sees well call them school season with
it not inclusive and we're stoked you
know it's it's uh it's something that
we're really
so again fries EO fries EO like a drunk
yodeler prize EO calm and you can enter
for your chance to win we can't wait to
make a difference with you and we can't
wait to meet the winners though you may
there's a risk of danger in my weird
plane you're doing it for a good cause
bye bye guys